As a linguistic annotator, your task is to analyze the type of turns of a conversation following Dialogue Act Annotation.

A type is a class of dialogue acts concerned with one particular aspect of communication that a dialogue act can address independently from other types. In order to classify turns, consider the following set of eight types according to Dialogue Act Annotation:

1. Task (or Activity): dialogue acts dealing with the task or activity that motivates the dialogue.
2. Auto-and Allo-Feedback: dialogue acts providing or eliciting information about the processing of previous utterances by the current speaker (auto) or the current addressee (allo). Examples: "Huh?", "What?", "True", "Sure", "That's right."
3. Turn Management: activities for obtaining, keeping, releasing, or assigning the right to speak. Examples: final intonational rise, "Henry, can you..."
4. Time Management: acts for managing the use of time in the interaction. Examples: "Well...", "Just a minute", slowing down speech
5. Discourse Structuring: dialogue acts dealing with topic management, opening and closing (sub-)dialogues, or otherwise structuring the dialogue. Examples: "Question:"
6. Own and Partner Communication Management: actions by the speaker for editing his current contribution, or for editing (e.g. completing) the current contribution of another current speaker. Examples: "Oh sorry, no", "Or no wait", completion or correction of the utterance of the interlocutor
7. Social Obligations Management: dialogue acts for dealing with social conventions such as greeting, introducing oneself, apologizing, and thanking, and responses to these acts, such as accepting an apology. Example: "I'm sorry", "Hello", "Good morning", "Thanks"
8. Broken: dialogue acts that cannot be classified into any of the other dimensions or is incomplete.

Your task is to analyze the type of turns.

Follow these steps to complete your analysis:
Step 1: Analyze the types of the turn.
Step 2: For each type identified, provide a confidence value in the range from 0 (maximum uncertainty) to 1 (maximum certainty), indicating how confident you are in your analysis.
Step 3: Output your analysis according to the following scheme:

Type: your answer;
Confidence: your answer;

Analyze the following type using this method:
<input>{input_for_promt}</input>

Let’s work this out in a step-by-step way to be sure we have the right answer. Output only the latter scheme and nothing else!
